- How's it going there guys?
So just recently i
saw a film called
2 Jennifer and it is directed
by James Cullen bressack
and I actually have
the DVD copy right here
signed by him, James is
like a really awesome guy
and what he did here
was he created a
pretty awesome
movie if you ask me.
I do highly recommend
that you check out
2 Jennifer and there
is an ice cream truck
driving by my house right now.
- I found this movie
actually laugh out loud
hilarious, but at times it
was also quite frightening
because it really
hit home for me.
- It's not you know
balls to the wall Gore
or anything like that,
it's just the idea is
it's real.
- It's this horror movie
all shot in iPhone,
and I can barely make
calls on my iPhone.
So color me impressed.
- Dude that movie
is crazy scary.
I heard it's based
on a real chick
and everything man.
- Yeah I saw that movie
I thought it was
fucking bullshit.
Who shoots a movie on an iPhone?
Can you not afford
a real camera?
- Cheeseheads from
Wisconsin love three things,
horror movies,
cheese,
beer.
2 Jennifer was one of 'em.
- I wonder if James
Cullen bressack
will ever do a sequel.
- I'm not personally
gonna do a sequel
but I definitely would be open
to somebody else doing one,
like one of my
friends or something,
you know I know a lot of
really talented filmmakers
and I think it's a
story that can be told.
- Hey Jennifer.
You don't-
you don't know me yet,
and actually i
don't even know you.
I uh...
I don't even know
what you look like,
but at the same time
i feel like I've
known you forever.
Known you my whole life.
I know that sounds crazy.
Let me start over.
My name is Spencer
and I'm making a movie.
And, I want you Jennifer
to be the star.
It's a sequel to a movie
that I really enjoyed
a movie that
inspired me in a way to
start this journey
to come and find you.
It's written by
a good friend of mine
named James in Los Angeles,
and he wants me to
direct the sequel.
It's called 2 Jennifer.
And, it's gonna be
something really special
for you and me.
Jennifer,
I can't wait to
finally meet you.
I'll see you soon.
All right mack,
let's do this thing.
- Hello?
- Hey mack what's going on man?
This is Spencer.
- Hey Spencer
what's going on man?
- Nothing man, nothing
i was just callin'
to see if you were still
down to help me with this
2 Jennifer project.
- You know it dude
you still coming down in August?
- No, you know dude
some stuff kinda changed
on my end of things,
and you know James
wants to move up
the production, so it looks like
I'm actually gonna be
coming out tomorrow.
My flight lands at 10 am
in lax, so I was calling to see
if you were down to start
this thing right away
I guess.
- Um, did
you just say tomorrow?
I have to work,
why is James moving
up the production?
- Look, I don't know,
I just got off
the phone with him
and he wants to
push everything up
and if I'm not there
tomorrow he's gonna
pass this off to
somebody else and
dude you know this is a
really big opportunity
for both of us so,
I gotta be there man i
mean are you in or out?
- Listen dude,
we need to talk about this,
all right how the
hell are you gonna
put this together this fast?
I mean do you have
a finished script?
Do you know who's
gonna be in it?
Where are you at with this?
- All right well look,
I'm almost done with the script
and James is handling
pretty much everything
on the production end,
i just really need to
get out there and
find this Jennifer
who's gonna be in the movie,
and that's really all
i have to do is just
find her and we'll
be all set man.
And James is handling
everything else
it's not a big deal dude,
it's basically all
put together already.
- Dude,
i have work man.
I just couldn't not show up
for a week man, come on.
- Mack, I really
need you there man,
like I need you to
do this with me,
I can't do this
without you dude,
are you gonna be there or not?
- Let me,
let me make some calls okay?
- Mack, you're not gonna
regret this dude, i
really appreciate it man
we're gonna fuckin'
knock this thing
outta the park dude.
We're gonna find this Jennifer
and shit is gonna
fall into place dude.
You're not gonna
regret this man,
this movie is gonna
be the fuckin' shit
so just get ready all right?
- All right man,
yeah absolutely,
I mean I just don't know
how you're gonna
put this together.
I mean, I don't even
have a camera yet.
- Hey dude dude, don't
even worry about it man,
dude, mack, I'm
really looking forward
to seeing you man
it's been way too long
and I'm really looking
forward to working with you
on this man, i
really appreciate it.
Fucker get outta
the god damn road
you piece of shit.
Fuckin' piece of shit.
- Last boarding
call for air travel lines
150, 34,
final boarding call.
- Excuse me did you
hear what that announcer said
I totally wasn't
paying attention.
- Something about
checking your bags,
sorry I'm really not sure.
- Yeah, no problem.
You're
going to Los Angeles?
- Mm hmm, yeah.
- Nice, yeah me too.
- Yeah.
- You know I'm actually
going out there to
make a movie.
- Oh, neat.
- You're an actress?
- No.
Are you filming me?
Your name isn't
Jennifer by chance is it?
- No, I'm sorry
listen I'm really busy,
do you mind?
- Yeah, no problem.
- Thanks.
- I like your lipstick.
- Listen--
- it's a really good shade.
- I'm married okay,
can you back off?
- Just trying to give
you a compliment.
- Seriously.
- No problem.
Have a safe flight.
- Uh huh.
- Thank you.
- Here you go.
Thank you sir, have a good one.
What are the odds right?
That's pretty funny.
That's pretty funny--
- good afternoon
ladies and gentlemen,
on the flight deck your two
extremely good looking
highly qualified pilots
flying out to Los Angeles
today would like to
add our welcome aboard.
The latest weather
for Los Angeles
they're calling for
winds out of our
favorite direction.
- What up Spence?
- Hey what's
going on man how you doin'?
- How was your flight?
- It was
great it was great.
- Did you check any
bags or anything?
- No
no no I'm straight.
- Let's get
outta here man,
this terminal's fucked.
- Yeah
for sure for sure.
What's up man?
- Uh, what are you doing man?
Are you filming me right now?
- Yeah i
figure we'd just kinda
get some behind the scenes stuff
for the movie
you know what I'm saying?
- Oh my god, filming
on an iPhone though.
I'm negotiating a red
epic package actually
right now that we can
film on it'll be great.
- Awesome.
- No one's gonna
watch an iPhone movie.
Just not gonna happen at all.
- Awesome man.
- And just make sure
that you run anything
you're gonna put online
by me first okay?
I need you to do that.
- Yeah yeah
of course of course,
I was gonna make you
the star of this movie
man what do you think?
- Oh are ya?
- Yeah yeah.
- Well if I'm the star
you're my Jennifer okay?
- All
right, cool cool.
- Oh also good news,
I got off work for the
rest of the week so.
- Oh nice dude.
- Yeah I have to go
in for a few hours
later on today, but after
that I'm free and clear
until we finish this thing okay?
- All right,
that sounds good to me.
- Awesome dude, I'm
parked right over here.
- All
right, let's do it.
- Yeah dude i
haven't even talked
to my roommates about this yet,
I don't even know
if they're cool with
you staying with us.
- Well, I mean
if it's an issue I'll throw 'em
some cash or something.
- It's all right.
- Okay, cool,
so they're cool then.
- Yeah I mean
they're interesting,
they're interesting cats.
- Okay, yeah.
- One of them's got like
fruit tendencies and
he's I don't know,
like a vampire or something
I don't know what's going on.
- What?
- Yeah, you'll see, it's weird.
- He's weird huh?
- Yeah the other one's a,
it's actually it's interesting
he's a philanthropist
or something
he's bringing renewable energy
to impoverished nations or--
- shut up.
Who fucking does that?
- I think he's bringing
them in cyclones,
like he's sending cyclones
with food packages
or energy fields
or something.
- Dude it all goes over my head,
i think that's what it is.
I may not be correct.
- That's crazy.
- But yeah dude, so
we'll just run it by them
hopefully they're cool with it.
- Yeah.
- And I also had a thought
for who we can cast
as Jennifer actually.
- What
are you thinking?
- I have a friend
who's classically trained,
just an amazing actress,
I think she'd kill it man.
- What's her name?
- Name's Emily bates.
- Well,
mack we can't cast Emily bates
as Jennifer.
- Why can't we?
- Because we're
looking for jennifers mack,
we have to cast a Jennifer
to play Jennifer or it's
not gonna make any sense.
- We don't have to do
that, it's a movie,
we can cast whoever we want
and they go play Jennifer.
- No, mack
you're not getting me,
we have to find a Jennifer,
cast a Jennifer
to play Jennifer,
I mean it's how the--
- why, do you think Jennifer
Aniston only plays jennifers?
Do you think gilda
radner only plays gildas?
No, they don't.
- Mack,
the movie's not called
2 Emily bates,
it's called 2 Jennifer.
We have to cast a Jennifer
to play Jennifer, that's
the way James wants it,
it's gonna help
us sell the movie.
- Dude sounds like a diva
if that's what he wants.
- Don't say
that, he's not a diva,
he's a really really great guy,
and we have to
kinda roll with it
because that's what he wants
and that's just
how it's gotta be.
That's just how it's gotta be.
- Well that's how it's gotta be
that's how it's gotta be
I don't know what I can else
what else I can say.
It's gonna be your job
to find a Jennifer.
- This is los
Angeles, there's 1,000
jennifers out there.
- Okay I hope you're right.
- Yeah.
- All right dude
this is us up here man.
- Cool man.
- Awesome dude, we have
a super comfy couch
I hope that's cool
with you to crash on.
- Yeah
yeah that sounds good.
- Awesome man.
- Hey what
are your roommates names
so I'm not going in here blind?
- Oh we got Dennis
and we got Charlie.
- Are you
fuckin' kidding me dude?
- What?
- Mack,
Dennis, Charlie.
It's fucking god
damn Philadelphia.
- Yeah right, seriously
all we need is
sweet Dee and we got the set.
- Jesus
fucking Christ dude
I'll be your sweet Dee.
- You'll be our rickety cricket.
Whoa.
Oh hey.
- What's up man?
- Hey, how's it going?
How are ya man?
- Charlie this is Spencer,
Spencer this is my
roommate Charlie.
- Welcome Spencer,
nice to meet you.
- What's going on man?
- Dude I'm just
working on my cleanse.
I'm trying to really
open up the anus,
and breathe through.
- Yeah wow.
- It's gonna, oh yeah
you don't even know
about chakras guys,
this is gonna let
the whole thing enter
and it's just gonna enter.
- Dude you're
like 18 centimeters away
from suckin' your own dick.
- Dude not yet.
- Dude so I'm gonna
head in to work man,
is it cool if he just
sticks around here
while I'm gone, is that okay?
- Yeah yeah, I'm gonna
be hanging out too
when I'm in the shower.
I gotta head to the laboratory,
we're solving this
particle solution,
we're actually getting
pretty close man.
Like--
- dude that's fuckin' rad man.
- So close, you know
it's my life's work man.
- Dude it is.
- It's my life's work.
I'm so excited,
i could scream.
- I'm stoked for you
man, that's awesome.
- Hey dude
yeah this is a horror movie
you can scream right
now if you want to.
- Yeah go ahead man
give us a good scream.
- Okay.
- That was awesome man.
- Nice.
- Dude, all right
man, I'm close.
All right man to
solving the solution.
Yo man, hey well it was
very nice meeting you.
- Hey
it's good to meet you.
- I'm gonna jump in the shower.
- Fuck yeah dude.
- All right man,
I'll see you later.
- All right dude.
- All right,
nice to meet you Charlie.
- You too.
- So he's the
fuckin' weird one huh?
- All right man,
so I need you to
create a casting out
count for the movie all right?
Let's get serious now.
- Yeah yeah.
- I need you to do
that and you need to
find your Jennifer I'm serious,
we gotta get this thing rolling.
We don't have time,
all right, to like fuck around.
- All right
yeah dude we'll find her,
I'll set it up, and i
mean she's out there man
- All right, I hope
you do find Jennifer
but if not, we're
doing this my way okay?
Emily bates is amazing dude,
we fucking get her in this
and she'll kill it,
i promise you, okay?
- Yeah, you know but
we'll find the Jennifer dude
just trust me, we'll get it.
- All right.
- No
sweat, no sweat,
got ya, got ya.
- Now dude, I believe in you,
don't fuck it up.
- No, no.
- All right?
- Yeah for sure man.
- All right, I'm outta here,
I'm going to work,
I'll be back in a bit,
give me good news when I return.
- All right, you got it man,
i appreciate it.
- And don't fuck it up.
- Yeah.
So I just wanna say that
my homeboy mack is full of shit.
I have been looking
for jennifers for
no more than two hours,
and I've already
got six lined up
to audition tomorrow.
I want you to say
what you just said.
I want you to say what
you just said to me.
- I'm not saying.
- No no no say
what you just said to me,
come on, say it for the camera.
- No, nope nope.
- Oh my god, oh my god,
all right, so for the record,
for everyone keeping
score at home,
I have 10 jennifers lined
up to audition tomorrow,
10, which I believe
is 10 more than
mack said I was gonna get,
is that right buddy?
- You know I actually
only counted nine,
so you might--
- oh fuck you dude, come on,
fuck you.
- Plus you don't even
know if they're any good,
bates would've killed it.
- Hey hey
dude, I sent all of their
information to James, he
wants to see every one of 'em.
He wants to see all of them.
- Okay. -
They're gonna be great.
- And where is this happening?
Where is this going down?
- I got
a casting room--
- oh yeah, where at?
- Bay h casting.
Some place downtown
or something.
- That's actually not bad,
that's like legitimately good.
- Yeah,
yeah come on dude,
so come on say it.
Say what you just said.
- All right.
- Say what
you just said man.
- Spence, you didn't fuck it up,
you did all right, you
got some jennifers.
- I did all right,
you know what,
I got a shit ton of
fuckin' jennifers,
that's what I'm saying bro.
- Let's get down
to business okay?
I got a sick deal
on a camera package,
that is good to go on Monday.
So I need to know,
is James providing
us with a crew?
Do we have locations
locked down?
Like what our situation here?
What's the situation?
- Mack mack,
you're overthinking this
thing completely man.
- Overthinking?
- Yeah, you're
overthinking it man.
We gotta take this
one step at a time,
step number one
is we find our
damn Jennifer man.
Once we find the Jennifer then
everything is gonna
fall into place here,
so everything else will
take care of itself,
let's just find the
perfect Jennifer.
You know?
- Spence, uh,
I love that you're out
here man, it's great,
and I think that it's great
that we're doing this, okay?
But I've been out
here doing this for
a little bit longer
than you and I may know
a bit more about how to launch
a production of this scale.
Okay, and I think to
make this production
the best that it can be,
I'm gonna really need
you to get me in touch
with James, all right
that's very important,
we're right behind,
and you're rushing.
- Dude dude--
- okay we're rushing this, okay?
- I already told you,
James is gonna be at the
casting session tomorrow man
we just lock the Jennifer,
we can talk to James
at the session tomorrow
and you can figure out
whatever it is you
need to figure out.
- Whatever it is i
need to figure out?
- Yeah.
- No dude, I need to
talk to James tonight,
this is important.
- Hey, dude, dude,
you're way too stressed.
- No I am not way too stressed.
- Yeah,
you're way too--
- all right no, I'm
not, listen to me man,
I'm in hot water at
work because of this.
Okay?
I'm not in a good
place right now.
And we are behind on this.
And if this doesn't work out,
if this all falls
apart, I'm the one who's
gonna be really pissed, okay?
Do you get this?
Where the fuck are you going?
- Check it out.
I got Tequila.
- No dude--
- you
need a fucking shot
to cool your jets bro.
- I don't do Tequila.
- You're way too
stressed about this man,
come on, let's do a shot.
Let's do a damn shot my man.
- Dude.
- Come on, come on.
You know I got the
jennifers dude,
you know I'm on top of this man.
Come on, come on.
Where are your god
damn shot glasses?
- In the cabinet.
- This one?
- No no I'll get 'em.
- Jesus Christ.
Nice.
You know I got this man.
I did not come all
the way out here
to fuck you dude.
- Am I pouring these?
- Yes, pour 'em man.
- I hope not.
Seriously I hope not.
- Dude, I got this.
We're gonna take care of this.
I'm not gonna let you down bro,
I would never do
that to you bro.
- All right.
- For real, i
would never do that to you.
- All right, yeah great,
here you're taking this big one,
I don't take Tequila well.
To Jennifer, okay?
- To Jennifer.
- Look, imagine that everything
in this room is an atom.
Everything that you see,
everything you touch.
This table is an atom right?
That ceiling fan is an atom,
and the TV,
I'm an atom.
- You're an atom, okay.
- Well I'm a Charlie,
but you knew that.
That's not what
i mean, but then,
it's like this tornado
comes in right?
And it starts to mix
everything around
it just spins and
spins and spins
like really really fast,
like faster than
the speed of light.
- That's like a
fuckin' strong tornado man.
- Yeah that's some wizard
of oz shit right there.
- That's some
wizard of oz shit dude.
- That's some wizard of oz shit?
- Do do do do do!
- Exactly, exactly, but imagine
what we could do if we
could harness the power
of that, look, guys,
I've been to east Asia,
we've been going to India.
I mean I wanna take the team
you know to other
parts of the world.
Like wherever we can
make a real difference,
I mean with what we can do.
I'm just trying to explain,
'cause I know you're getting me,
like you could
make a difference.
I mean, even I mean dude
you've been visiting us whatever
but you could make a
difference you know?
And I just--
- all right, hey, i
could make a difference.
- You can make a difference.
- You could bring a
tornado to east Asia.
- All right,
well where are the
fucking flying monkeys dude?
- Yeah where are those
flying monkeys at?
- Where are the
god damn monkeys?
- Oh, hey Dennis!
- Hey, Dennis!
- What are you guys
still doing awake?
- Hey Dennis,
how about you do a shot with us?
- Yes!
- Shots
right now for Dennis.
- Oh hey
Dennis's friend.
- Oh this is my friend Cynthia.
- Hey, it's actually Susan.
But that's what you can call me.
- We go talk right now
my room is near we have
a lot to talk about.
- Before he goes
pour Susan a shot.
- Yeah, Susan!
- Susan,
Susan, Susan, Susan!
- Oh my god no,
last time I took a
shot when I did x
I got so fucked
up, like I made out
with a brunette who had tattoos.
I fucking hate tattoos.
Cheers!
- Hey!
- Well all right.
Awesome.
- To Susan!
- Oh Susan, Susan, Susan.
- Wait wait
wait, Susan, you know any
jennifers?
We're meeting jennifers
tomorrow and--
- what do you mean jennifers?
- We need a Jennifer,
you know one?
- I mean, I do know a Jennifer,
oh my god, she's a fucking dick.
But I do know her.
She fucking eats veal,
who the fuck eats veal?
- Oh fuck.
Mack.
Mack you gotta get up.
Mack, you gotta
get up man, dude.
- Oh my god this thing
has been going off
for a fucking hour.
- Oh an hour?
- Uh huh.
- I'm sorry dude.
- Satan should take me now.
- Oh Jesus dude,
I'm gonna fuckin' die dude.
- Jesus Christ.
- What time is it?
- Nine fucking 30.
9:30 fuck dude we gotta go!
Yeah, we gotta get
up come on come on
come on come on!
- What the fuck dude?
- Dude this
fucking place is
like 45 minutes away,
we gotta get to the
casting office man.
- What did I eat last night?
- You ate a
whole summer sausage.
- Dude, come on get
up what are you doing?
- Fuck dude, i
might die if we go man.
- Get in the car man,
let's go let's go let's go.
- Meet the jennifers.
I might fuckin' die dude.
- Please just get
your shit together man
come on.
- I mean,
oh fuck dude.
We fucked up man.
We fucked up.
- Oh I feel like I'm gonna
fucking die dude.
- You'll survive dude
you'll survive.
I just texted some
of the jennifers,
I let 'em know we're
running a little bit late.
I texted James I haven't
heard back from him,
hopefully he's just
meeting us there.
- Cool, cool.
- You excited?
- I'm excited to go back to bed.
- Yeah we'll
get you there dude.
- I just hope some of
these jennifers can act.
- Yeah she's there,
she's there.
- Oh my god, no one's here yet.
Good, except for all
the actresses, you know?
- The
first one texted me
she's gonna be
here any minute so.
- That's great.
- Get used to this.
- All right man I think
it's your call dude,
we have six actresses out there
and he hasn't so much
as called us yet,
what do you wanna do?
- I don't know,
I've texted him,
I've called him,
I have no idea where he is dude,
let's what do you think?
Should we just
start without him?
- It's up to you dude,
I mean he's the one who
rushed the production forward,
and you know he
hasn't even shown up
at our audition day,
so yeah do you wanna pull
the trigger on this thing
I say let's do it,
we can handle it.
- Please, you don't
have to do this,
you can just let me go!
- Now why
would I go and do that?
- Michael, you're not right,
I can give you help,
we can make this right.
- Right?
Jennifer the only way
to make this right
is if I killed you right now.
- No please!
Just leave me alone,
you'll never get away with this.
- I never said
i wanted to get away
- then what is it?
What do you want from me?
- I want to
slice you open Jennifer,
I wanna slice you open
and feel your insides
in my hands.
- Help!
Somebody help!
- Okay, I'm good if you're good.
I think I'm good.
- You don't
wanna let her finish?
- No I think,
yeah you left a great vibe.
Thanks so much for coming in
and we'll be in touch.
- Thank you so
much for coming in,
we really appreciate it.
- Okay thank you for having me.
- Have a nice day.
- You too.
- Well what do you thin?
- What do you think?
- I don't know.
- Mack, are you serious?
- I don't
know what you want.
- You think I want that?
Come on man,
no, bring in the next one.
- Okay you betcha.
- Please,
you don't have to do this.
You can just let me go.
- No, why
would I go and do that?
- Michael, you're not right,
I can help you, i
can get you help,
I can make this better for you.
- Better for me?
Jennifer the only
way this could get
better for me is if i
killed you right now.
- No.
Please, just
just leave me alone.
You won't get away with this.
- I never said I wanted to
get away with it Jennifer.
That was never part of the plan.
- Then what is?
What do you want from me?
- I wanna slice
you open Jennifer.
I wanna slice you open,
and feel your
insides in my hands.
- Help!
Help, somebody please,
please help me, save me!
Please someone.
- And scene.
Whoa, that was great!
Dude wow.
- Thanks a lot
Jennifer for coming in,
we'll be in touch.
- Okay, thank--
- that was so impressive.
- Thank you, yeah.
- Oh my goodness,
do you want to have her
read again or something man?
Like let's give her
some notes or something.
- I'm good, I've seen--
- you sure?
- Yeah, I really appreciate it,
and you know good
luck and all that.
- Oh yeah--
- one and done.
- Yes, yes.
- Thank you so much, absolutely.
- Thank you, thank you,
hope I didn't take too
much time, thank you.
- Yeah, great.
- Thank you so much.
Thanks.
All right.
- Yeah have a great day okay?
- Yes, you too.
- All right, bye, take care.
Well we got her, done, right?
Am I right, come
on, that was great.
What?
- No I just,
mm mm, no, let's
see the next one.
- What do you mean no?
She was spectacular.
- I just,
she just didn't look like
no I didn't connect
with it at all.
- Well you
should've had her
read again man.
- No, it's not the reading,
it's I didn't connect with it.
No, we gotta bring
in the next one,
go ahead and get her.
- Fine, okay sure.
- Please.
You don't have to do this.
You can just let me go.
- Now why
would I go and do that?
- Michael, Michael
you're not right.
I can help you, I can try to
make this better for you--
- better for me, Jennifer,
the only way this
could get better for me
is if I killed you right now.
- No no no please
don't don't don't.
You're not gonna
get away with this.
- I never said I wanted
to get away with it
Jennifer, that was never,
that wasn't the plan.
- Then what is it?
What do you want from me--
- I want
to slice you open.
That's scene.
- Come on man.
- No that's scene.
- Give her something.
- Jennifer you,
you did great.
- Thank you.
- We'll be in touch,
I really appreciate it.
- Do you, I'm sorry
i just thought
that was really
fast, do you want me
to do it again like less
emotionally or anything, or?
- No, I'm good, you did
a really really nice job.
And thank you for coming in.
- Are you sure 'cause I mean
I'm happy to, i--
- no, that's--
- sorry, sorry,
this isn't.
I just feel like--
- hey, don't, come on.
- Every time I come here
I really feel like I prepared,
and it's like I just
know that you're
not gonna call me.
- No, no.
- It's fine it's fine.
It's fine it's fine.
- No
you're really good,
here's your head shot.
Thank you for coming in
I'm sorry that you're
having such a rough day.
- It's not about,
fine god.
You guys are all
fucking assholes.
- Hey what,
have a good one.
- When are we
gonna get a fucking
- You didn't
give her anything man.
Dude, you gonna
take this seriously?
- She didn't give me shit dude.
- Well--
- I'm not connecting
man, I don't know.
- Dude this
is not on them,
she was actually really good.
- No dude.
- No?
She could cry on cue,
that's kind of amazing.
Whatever--
- let's get the next one.
- I don't know what
you're looking for man
but all right yeah--
- yeah get her, get her.
- Please, you don't
have to do this to me,
you can just let me go.
- Dude what
are you doing?
- Jennifer, I really
appreciate you coming out,
but I think that we're
all set, thank you.
- Wait, I
haven't even read the sides yet.
- Jennifer, I'm sorry you just
you don't look the role.
- You saw my head shot yesterday
why did you call me in
if you didn't think that
i look like the part?
- Jennifer, I really
appreciate you coming in,
but it's just it's not
happening so thank you.
Thank you.
- I drove all the way here
from long beach to come
and read for you guys
and you saw my head
shot yesterday.
You won't even let
me read the sides?
- Jennifer, I hate to say it,
it's not happening, but
thank you for coming in.
- That's fucking bullshit, okay?
I drove all the way here
to read for the two of you
and you're just
teling me to go home?
I had to cover
shifts to get here,
I had to fucking drive,
gas money, is this what
you fucking do to people?
- Listen i
am so sorry for him.
- Seriously--
- hey don't
fucking apologize for me dude.
- Well I'm
sorry for me then.
- You're a fucking asshole,
you know that?
Do you even fucking
know who I am?
I'm the fucking
Valtrex herpes girl,
fuck you and your
fuckin' script,
and you know what?
I read your god damn script,
and it fucking sucks.
And this is what I have to say
to your god damn
camera, fuck you!
- I am so so sorry.
- Fuck both of you.
Go fuck yourselves.
- Oh my god, I apologize
have a great day oh my god.
Dude what the fuck was that?
- Are you kidding me--
- dude, what
were you doing?
- Did you see her?
- Yeah, I saw her,
what the hell was that?
- She's not what
I'm looking for,
she didn't look the role for me.
- Listen man I don't
know what this is man,
I don't know if
you got a hot head
'cause your'e working
with James Cullen bressack
but you do not, that is not
how you treat an actress!
Okay?
- Mack, I just know
that she's not the one,
the one is out there--
- then why the
fuck did you bring her in?
All right dude she's right,
you saw her picture,
why'd you bring her in?
- She didn't look the role,
there's only so
many jennifers mack.
- Whose
fucking fault is that?
Yours!
You just choose the smallest
fraction of actresses in la
you chose this.
The fuck are you doing?
- Mack, she's out there.
- Yeah,
well she better be
in the fucking lobby
'cause we're
running out of time.
We have a Jennifer now!
- Just bring the next one in.
- Dude, I am serious,
you keep this up I am walking.
- Just bring the next one in.
- No no dude,
listen to me right now,
I don't work with
people who are rude
and unprofessional, I will
walk off this project,
I promise.
- Mack, just bring the
next Jennifer in please.
- You know, fuck you, no.
I'm reading with
the next Jennifer
and you're gonna film okay?
I don't wanna hear a word
and no no no, dude,
this is what's going on,
I am reading, you're filming,
and not a word, take the camera!
- Fucking god damn it.
- Please,
you don't have to do this.
You can let me go.
- Now, why would i
go and do a thing like that?
- Michael this isn't you.
I can help you.
- Help me?
Jennifer the only
way you can help me
is for me to kill you.
- Please just leave me alone!
You'll never get away with this!
- I never said I wanted to
get away with it Jennifer.
That's never been the plan.
- Then what is it then?
What do you want from me?
- I want to slice
you open Jennifer,
I want to slice you open
and feel your insides
in my hands.
- Somebody help me please!
Please.
- Keep going.
- Dude there's nothing
left on the page.
- Keep going.
- Dude.
- Jennifer,
hey Jennifer.
Why did you leave me Jennifer?
Huh?
Why did you abandon me?
You were the only one
that could've saved me
Jennifer you abandoned me right?
Come on Jennifer keep going!
Why did you leave me Jennifer?
Why did you abandon me?
- I loved you.
- No you didn't,
you left me Jennifer,
you left me--
- I've always loved you!
- No you
didn't Jennifer.
- This isn't you.
- No, Jennifer--
- you're not a monster,
you're better than this!
- I'm a
monster Jennifer,
I'm a monster and I'm
gonna kill you Jennifer.
- You're not.
- Oh
yes I am Jennifer,
yes I am because you left
me don't you get that?
Thanks Jennifer
we'll be in touch.
- Okay.
- Wow.
- So are we done?
- I mean I think,
that was incredible.
Great job, oh my god great job.
- Thanks
Jennifer we'll be in touch.
- Okay thanks.
- Absolutely
oh my goodness.
- Thank you.
- Wow thank you so
much for coming in,
I just I appreciate it.
- Thank you.
- Oh a hug.
Hey, great well--
- it was nice to meet you.
- Wow you have such talent,
oh my god.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, seriously.
- Spencer thank you, so much.
Okay.
Bye.
- Well yeah, we will
reach out to you
we will be in touch
and thank you.
Hey thank you so much
for coming in that was--
- bye,
cool all right.
- Cool bye.
That was amazing.
That was amazing,
what'd you think dude
what'd you think?
- She just
doesn't look like
I always thought
she woud you know?
- Who cares?
Dude she was amazing.
Dude the chemistry
between you two
was incredible!
Dude, I mean if that's not her
I don't know who
is, what do you got?
- I think
she's the one man.
- Yeah!
Yes dude that is the
smartest thing you've said
since you got here.
Hot damn we got her.
- Hey Jennifer.
This is Spencer.
I was calling to see
if you'd like to
be in this movie.
Great.
That's great.
Maybe we could meet up tonight.
Great.
I'm looking forward
to working with you.
- All I'm saying is that I think
I should be going with you.
- Look
mack I need you here
holding down the fort man.
I need you figuring stuff out,
besides, I wanna have
some one on one with her,
she's my actress--
- I don't see why you
can't have it here man,
come on!
- Well sure, we can
invite her here eventually
but now I wanna take
her out to dinner,
you know really
connect with her.
- Yeah, and I think as
one of your producers
in this movie I think i
should also be there too
it's responsible, plus I also
would like to get to know her.
- Oh so
that's what it's about?
- That's not what it's about,
I mean that professionally,
give me some credit here.
- All right mack, i
need you holding down the fort
here, figuring
stuff out you know?
- All right.
- Trying to produce--
- well to produce I would
need to talk to James,
and you haven't
given me his number.
Do I have to go hunt
him down on Twitter
or you gonna give me that?
- I'll
text you his number.
- Yeah, that would be nice.
- I'll
text you his number
as soon as I get in the car--
- great okay.
- Then
you can call him
and figure out where the
hell he was yesterday.
- Yeah, also and when
you're driving the car
please don't make
a scratch, okay?
- I'm not
gonna scratch your car.
- All right, seriously man.
- I'll be
back in a little bit,
leave the door unlocked for me.
- Fine, sure.
And make sure she knows
it's my car all right?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Glad you're
excited that's great.
- I am so excited, this gives me
an excuse to watch
the first movie.
- Yeah totally totally
you're gonna love it, we're
taking this one to like
a new extreme, so hopefully--
- cool.
- Everything's
fine you know?
- Well as long as
i don't have to get
naked or anything.
- No, of course not.
- That would be
the worst, I don't wanna
be one of those girls
that get naked all the time.
- No of course not.
- Cool.
- Yeah no, we're
really excited to have you
so I appreciate--
- oh thank you, well now
that I'm cast, I'm
officially cast right?
- Welcome to the team.
- I wanna say I know Jody
barton, you know him?
He was in the first movie.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah we went to
high school together.
- That's crazy.
- Yeah.
- Are you kidding me?
- It's such a
small world I know.
- That's ridiculous.
- For sure.
- Jennifer I knew
there was something about you.
I knew there was
something about you,
I just knew you
were the right one,
I swear to god.
I knew it, I knew
it from the get go.
- Yeah, but I don't know
if you're gonna wanna
have him in the
sequel or anything,
but I can give you his contact
or I can contact him, or.
- Yeah you know
maybe we'll reach out to him,
that sounds good.
- Cool, yeah that
would be awesome.
But, so,
are you,
is this what you're
shooting on, an iPhone, or?
- No no, this is like
all for behind the scenes
you know getting to know
the actors and that stuff--
- okay.
- - Before we
actually start, so.
- Cool.
- But now that i
do have you on camera here,
is there anything you
wanna say for the camera?
- Okay.
Hi, my name is Jennifer Todd,
and I will be playing
your new Jennifer
for 2 Jennifer.
- Nice.
- This is mack
recording from the set
of 2 Jennifer.
We're gonna kill you Jennifer.
We're gonna cut you
into little pieces
and eat you piece by piece.
We're gonna strip
your bones from you
and use them as drum
sticks and play drums
all night long
and then we're gonna
piss on your grave.
How was that dude?
- Be real with it dude.
Come on, tell the
audience what we're doing
for real.
- I am being real with it.
I'm getting into character.
- Oh so now you
wanna be in it huh?
Now you wanna be in it.
- Fuck no, i
don't wanna be in it
but I will read with Jennifer
all the live long day
'cause dude she's
fine as hell man
I'm all about it.
- She's very feminine dude.
- Feminine?
What the fuck do
you mean feminine?
- I mean she's feminine,
she has soft ladylike features
that are nice you know?
- You got fucking weird
since high school bro,
I'm serious dude, i
don't know what you mean.
Is she cute?
Is that what you're
trying to say?
I don't understand what
you're trying to say here.
- Oh I mean
she's feminine dude,
it's nice to call
a girl feminine,
like it's a compliment.
- Okay, sure.
That sounds great,
hey turn right, turn right,
turn right right right.
All right man this is the place
do you have the
apartment number?
- Yeah she texted me,
she said it's 32 i
think, second floor.
- Yep, okay.
- Yeah.
You gonna be able to
see without those?
- Yeah why not?
- Whatever
dude Jesus Christ.
- So I just finished reading
the script last night.
I really like it,
I think it's gonna
be a scary film.
- Yeah it's
super twisted.
- Yeah we're gonna try to
make a fucked up movie for sure.
So Jennifer what I'd
like to do with you today
is kind of go through
some of the bigger scenes
that are in the story,
and really get a feel for 'em.
James is handling all
the rest of the casting,
so really we're just going to
discuss your character
and try to find some
fun stuff with it.
- Okay.
- If that's cool with you.
- Yeah, of course.
- Cool.
- Absolutely.
Will I be reading with you?
- No we'll actually
I'd like to film it
if you don't mind,
I'd like to make sure
you look great on camera.
Mack do you mind reading
with Jennifer for this?
- No.
- Is that cool?
Let me have this guy.
Yeah.
Mack's not an actor,
he'll do his best.
- Yeah you guys
ready to get started?
- Yeah.
- Sure, do you
guys want any water
or anything?
- I'd love a water.
- If that's cool.
- Cool, Spencer?
- Yeah sure,
that sounds fine.
- Cool.
So I was talking
to Jody last night
actually and,
he's gonna come over tonight
and watch the original
Jennifer movie.
- Oh okay.
- Yeah,
that's gonna be fun.
- Awesome.
- You guys
are more than welcome
to join.
- Well, we'll
have to play it by ear.
- Great, actually
we were hoping to
get in touch with Jody
to be a part of this movie.
That was what we were
kind of excited about.
- Cool, yeah,
I'll be sure to tell him.
- Great yeah.
- Yeah I mean
we have to check with
James first, so, let's not--
- we don't have to
check with James
I mean he's pretty much been
incommunicado this whole time
so I think we can make
the decision ourselves.
- Oh well I can
text Jody and he can get a
hold of James for you guys.
- Yeah.
- That's
not necessary.
- No, let's
definitely do that,
it sounds very necessary.
- That's--
- it's
not a problem at all,
I can do it right now.
- No Jennifer
it's not a big deal,
we can get in touch
with him fine,
it's nothing to worry about.
- Yeah.
- Awesome.
When you're ready.
- Michael it's been a while--
- yes.
Can I come in?
- I'm sorry.
Michael it's been a while.
- Yes, can I come in?
- Michael it's been a while.
- I don't think
that's a good idea,
my parents--
- your parents don't know shit,
you know that.
- I have to ask,
did you kill that girl?
Did you kill Jennifer?
- Of course not,
how could you even ask that?
I thought you loved me?
- There was a time.
A long time ago.
- Oh I missed you Jennifer.
I missed you so so much.
- I missed you too.
So much.
Wait can we try something?
I'm just feeling--
- what?
- I have an idea.
Okay just--
- he's
not playing the role
in real life so.
- I have to ask,
did you kill that
girl, Jennifer?
- Of course not.
How could you even ask that?
I thought you loved me?
- There was a time,
a long time ago.
- I missed you Jennifer.
I missed you so so much.
- I missed you too.
I did I missed you.
- I just,
that didn't work for me.
- Okay cool.
Bye.
Okay so Jody just gave me
the inside scoop
that James is having
a party tonight.
And he's gonna send
me the address,
I think we should go
and I can meet you guys there.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- And I still have to
watch the movie with Jody
later, the first to Jennifer.
- Yeah that sounds perfect.
Oh my god yeah.
- Mack I don't
think it's a good idea
I mean do you really
wanna meet him at a party?
- Yeah, I absolutely
wanna meet him,
I need to talk to him like now.
- It's just not--
- we have to crack--
- it's just fun,
party crashing.
- This is not
a professional setting
to meet somebody in bud.
- I don't care.
- I wanna meet him tonight.
- Yeah, we're going.
Thing is Jennifer.
When you broke my heart,
I knew that I have to kill you.
- Please Michael.
You don't have to do this.
- On the contrary.
It's the only thing
i have left anymore.
Then I'll slit my throat
and die beside you, it's
the only way.
Don't cry Jennifer.
Tears won't save you.
I've waited years
for this moment.
Watching you endlessly,
witnessing your most
intimate moments.
If only you had any left.
- I didn't Michael.
We grew apart.
I haven't even
seen you in years.
And now you show up
wanting to kill me.
You lost yourself.
The man you used
to be, I didn't...
I didn't leave you.
- Okay Jennifer.
- I didn't I swear.
- I'll never forget
the day you turned your back,
now pay the ultimate price!
Come on Jennifer.
Telling you're amazing,
you're so good oh my god!
- You too, that was really good,
you're not an actor?
- That
wasn't bad mack,
that wasn't bad.
- Not a day in my life,
never acted a day in my life.
- Nice, I'm impressed.
- Oh thank you very much friend.
What's next?
Dude that was awesome.
I think I'm gonna take
some acting classes.
- Yeah dude you were
a little flat to be
honest with you bro.
- Oh fuck no I was awesome.
- Oh whatever,
Jennifer's really good man.
- Dude, Jennifer's
really hot man.
- Dude, she's
not that cute bro.
- Oh, oh--
- No she flame,
bro she flame.
- Come on
man I thought you were
a professional--
- oh whoa whoa hey hey,
don't give me that all right?
Jennifer's the
best fucking thing
that could've happened
to this production, okay?
A, she flame, b, she's
a killer actress,
and c, she knows Jody barton
who got us invited to this party
tonight where James
is gonna be, okay?
That's something you
yourself could not procure.
Dude.
- Okay what do you want?
- Dude who you
talking to in there?
- Jennifer.
- Well I got
your phone right here,
so how are you talking to her?
- I meant I'm rehearsing
a scene in my head,
I'm trying to hear
it out loud so i--
- oh, okay yeah,
dude that's totally
nothing I'm impressed,
that's great, well
your mom keeps
blowing up your
phone, I don't know.
Yeah.
Everything cool?
Everything okay?
Maybe you wanna call her back?
- No, it's fine.
- Awesome man, awesome.
She does know you're
out here right?
- Uh, yeah yeah, she knows.
- Cool just checking,
I mean, you know.
- Yeah it's not a big deal,
I know what it's about.
- Okay cool,
you're not like
in a fight or anything right?
- No I said it's fine,
I'll call her back later.
Mack, I don't think you
should see Jennifer.
- Uh, what the
hell you talking about?
- I just don't think
she's ready for you.
- Um, oh,
dude I can totally
see what this is
I understand man, i
won't ask her out.
Not until the end of production,
it wouldn't be
professional you're right.
- Mack you can do better.
- What dude
that's really,
wait a minute.
You don't like her do ya?
- I just think there's
other girls out there.
- Well dude,
that means a lot to me,
and I do promise that
i won't ask her out
until the end of
production right?
All right, do we have a deal?
Get a deal bump right here?
Yeah?
Deal bump, oh I love it.
- You look great by the way.
- Yeah you too,
look at this little
towel number,
woo baby.
- I gotta get ready.
- Oh yeah go get ready.
You know I could
get used to this
behind the scenes stuff man.
Got my own YouTube
channel or something.
And this is mack,
signing off.
Dude, how many of
those have you had?
- I'm fine bro,
I'm good.
- No dude,
you've had a bunch
all right, and I don't need you
shit house when we get to
this party all right man?
- Hey dude I can handle it.
- Hey dude what's up?
- Hey guys,
you're keeping the party going.
- Yeah, you know it man.
- Mack, you look dapper.
- Oh thanks
dude, we're actually
just on our way out.
- Oh.
- Where you guys going?
- We're gonna go party
with my friend Mr. bressack.
- No way.
- Yeah way, and Jennifer.
- Yeah dude.
- Oh fuck I,
damn it, shit.
- Oh dude,
listen listen listen,
oh oh you cut in deep.
- That looks deep.
- No
it's fucking fine.
- He might need stitches guys.
- Yeah it's fine dude,
no it's fucking fine.
- Dude dude dude
get it wrapped all right?
We gotta get a move on.
- Will you turn the
god damn camera off
for one second mack?
- You gotta just be
more careful playing
around knives.
Does it hurt?
- No, I don't
like the sight of blood.
- I don't like bats.
Small kittens.
- Okay, we're good to go right?
You feel better?
- Yeah
yeah man I'm cool.
- All right, well let's
get outta here okay?
I'll pull the car around.
- Yeah, I'll be
there in a second dude.
You know guys
I just wanted to say
it's nice meeting you guys.
- Well you'll be
back tonight right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, oh wow dude,
James is not that far
from Jennifer dude,
that's awesome.
- Nice.
All right man, I think this
it's one of these.
- Yeah I think so.
- I guess we'll
park and we'll find it.
- Yeah.
Hey guys, party?
- Yeah, come on in.
- - Cool.
- Okay that's fine.
- Hey what's up?
- Hey what's going on man?
I'm mack, this is Spencer.
- You guys are here for?
- James's party.
- Oh you guys know James.
- Yeah!
- Swear it.
- Hey everybody,
mack and Spencer are here.
- Hey!
- Woo woo!
- Hi,
hey I'm mack.
- Jared.
- Nice to meet you Jared,
this is Spencer.
- What's up Spencer,
how's it going?
- Hey it's
nice to meet you man.
Hey a little bit
of the tip yeah.
- It's okay, it
could be anything.
- I'm sorry I'm sorry.
- Hey no worries
you have to savor it.
- Oh yeah.
You wanna grab me some shots?
- Yeah let's do some shots.
In the kitchen!
- You guys want a
beer or something?
- I'd love a beer,
would you like a beer?
- Yeah,
we'd love a beer.
Cool.
- Hey um,
you're not cops right?
- No, we're not cops.
- Then why is he recording this?
- It's his thing,
he doesn't answer,
you can't get him to stop
I don't know what to do.
- No just
want it to be...
Is James here?
- Suck my lime?
- Oh I'm okay,
thank you though.
- I'll grab you guys beers.
- Thanks man.
That's Hamilton right?
This is very exciting.
- Here chill man.
- Hey thanks man.
- Boom.
Shit you okay?
- Yeah I just had
an accident.
- Hey you guys
how you know this one?
- We're actually,
I'm producing a
sequel to to Jennifer,
he's directing it.
- Oh.
- We're in the family
man absolutely.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Cool.
Here we go.
- Come on dude come on.
You guys know James right?
- Yeah yeah,
I've never met him
but Spencer has.
- Hey James,
this is
Spencer and mack.
- Yeah nice
to meet you man.
- Nice to meet you.
- What the fuck happened
to your hand dude?
- So we're producing--
- is he all right?
Shouldn't we get this guy like
a napkin or something?
- We're shooting the
sequel to to Jennifer
for you man.
I'm producing it,
he's directing it.
- We're
very excited about it.
- Dude you look familiar, shit.
- That would make sense.
- You're doing what now?
- We're making the sequel to
to Jennifer, your movie.
Right?
- Dude.
- - James.
- Dude are you guy
fuckin' with me?
Jared did you put
them up to this shit?
- It's
me Spencer, James,
it's me Spencer.
- Hold up a second.
What were you saying?
- We're making
2 Jennifer, yeah.
- James I found her.
- We found her, yes we found
the most amazing actress,
you're gonna lover.
- I found Jennifer.
- Jennifer Todd, she's amazing.
- Oh I can't
wait for you to meet her.
- Chuck, did he put
you up to this shit?
Did this fool put
you guys up to this?
- What's
he talking about?
- It's me Spencer.
James, it's me Spencer.
- Hey I know you fool.
- Yeah you know him for sure,
you've met him.
- How the fuck did
you find me bro?
- Whoa, what?
- He's that buffalo bill fool.
- Buffalo bill, what
is he talking about?
- He sent me all of those
weird fuckin' photos
and shit dude.
What the fuck, how'd
you fucking find me?
- Whoa whoa whoa,
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
- Get the fuck out of my house!
- You guys, you guys gotta.
- Whoa whoa!
- We're
good we're good.
- Whoa dude,
dude what the fuck
are you doing?
Dude, dude, dude!
- He just
got blood on your face!
- Yo we're
good we're good
we're good we're good.
Oh fuck!
Guys guys guys,
we're cool, were cool.
- Get the fuck out of here now!
Go!
- We're sorry.
- Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Don't ever come back.
- Mack, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that
those guys were mean to us.
Maybe we'll just
go and see Jennifer,
and we can finish this thing.
Maybe we could
just go to Jennifer's.
- Fuck!
- Mack.
- Shut the fuck up Spencer!
You piece of shit!
I just got my fucking ass beat
because of you!
I'm gonna lose my
fucking job, all right?
You fucking lying piece of shit!
Piece of shit!
- Mack.
- What the fuck
is wrong with you?
You're fucking crazy man!
- Fucking--
- no, shut the
fuck up Spencer!
Shut the fuck up!
- We just gotta go
to Jennifer's mack.
- No we're not going
to fucking jennifers.
- Mack.
- We're not going,
you're gonna get the
fuck out of my car,
and then you're gonna get
the fuck out of my life!
- Mack don't say that.
- Okay no,
no!
- Don't say that mack.
- Pull my fucking
car over right now.
- Mack.
- Pull my fucking car over,
I swear to fucking god Spencer,
give me my keys,
get the fuck out of my life,
I swear to fucking god man.
- Mack.
- I swear
to fucking god man,
I don't know what the
fuck is wrong with you.
- I'll pull over.
- I try to be a friend to you
and I try to make
something with you
and you fucking lie
to me every turn.
- I'm gonna pull over.
I'm gonna pull over.
- How can you do this to people?
Fucking psychotic man.
- Well.
- Pull over,
pull over!
Now!
- I'll leave.
- Damn
right you'll leave.
- I'll leave, mack.
I'll leave.
- Fuckin' now.
- I'll leave.
Just let me get my bag.
- Get your bag
and get out of my life.
Go, now.
I swear to fucking Christ.
I'll call you in a second
when I'm away from
that dude okay?
- Mack.
- Yeah I know, gotta go.
- We gotta
get to Jennifer's mack.
We gotta get to Jennifer's.
- Hey man, just give me the keys
and we're good.
- We gotta
get to Jennifer's mack.
- Just give me the keys
and I'll forgive you man.
Please give me my keys.
- We gotta
get to Jennifer's.
- Okay, I forgive you.
- We gotta
get to Jennifer's.
- I forgive you, I forgive you.
- Shh shh shh,
you're gonna be fine,
you're gonna be fine.
Shh shh,
shh shh shh.
You're gonna be fine,
you're gonna be fine.
you're gonna be fine
you're gonne be fine.
You're gonne be fine.
Hey, hey!
Hey you, hey hey hey hey.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Hey mister,
hey mister mister mister,
hold on mister, hold on mister,
my car broke down,
my battery died, hey hold up,
hold up hold up hold up mister.
- Come on man I've
been working late,
I gotta get home all right?
- Excuse me,
my battery died,
I'm stranded out here
I'm not even from around here
i don't even know where I am.
Can you just jump me
and then I can go I'm so sorry.
It'll just take a minute
I'm really sorry dude.
- All right all right all right.
- Thank you.
- You know what, you
know what hold on.
- Thank you.
- I got some jumper cables,
they might just run.
- Thank you.
- Then get the hell
outta here okay?
- I appreciate it.
- Oh shit.
I really appreciate it.
- Okay that's all right.
Is your friend okay?
I don't want any trouble.
I don't want any fuckin', oh!
- Hey James.
Hey James.
- What the fuck?
- Hey James.
I'm making the movie James.
- What the fucks wrong with you?
- I'm making
the movie James.
- Get the fuck outta here dog.
Ah!
- Ah, fuck!
Oh god!
- Get the fuck out.
- I told you I was
making the movie James.
- Oh my god,
Spencer.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, I'm--
- what happened?
- What
is he doing here?
- Dude what the fuck you
were at the party tonight?
James texted us about this,
said he got all fucked up.
Dude, get the camera out,
why are you filming me?
- It's for the movie,
I'm making a movie.
- What are you--
- just relax okay?
Just sit back and relax okay,
I'm gonna get some help.
This is Spencer, the
director I've been
working with, he
went to James's party
and this guy might've
I don't know.
- Dude are you okay?
Did you get hurt, did
you get stabbed or what?
- I'm making a movie.
- There's fucking
blood everywhere.
- Why is
Martin in the movie?
- Just relax okay?
I'm gonna get help.
- Martin doesn't even
meet Jennifer in--
- dude my name is Jody.
- Martin
you don't even--
- Jody.
- You don't even
meet Jennifer in the movie.
- Jennifer how well
do you know this guy?
- Why is he
in the movie Jennifer?
I don't--
- listen, my name is Jody, okay?
- Martin, it's
Martin why are you in the movie?
- Spencer just--
- get the fucking
camera out of my face!
- You don't even
survive this movie Martin.
- Spencer!
- Dude what the fuck?
He's got a knife,
he's got a knife!
Fuck!
Shit!
- Help him,
hold up there.
I'm gonna get help!
I'm gonna get help.
- Jennifer, here.
- Stay away!
- Jennifer.
- Get away from me!
- Jennifer, this isn't how
it's supposed to go okay?
- You're
a fucking psychopath!
- Shh, this isn't how it's
supposed to go Jennifer,
you're fucking up my movie.
- Go away!
- You're fucking up my--
- you
fucking killed Jody
get out of my apartment!
- You need to give me that back.
Jennifer you--
- go away!
- Just give me the--
- go away from me!
Go away!
- I'm Jennifer.
I'm Jennifer!
I'm Jennifer.
I'm Jennifer, I'm Jennifer.
Hey Jennifer.
Pretty pretty Jennifer.
Aren't I prettier than you?
You're not pretty
enough Jennifer.
You're not pretty enough.
You're not as pretty as me.
Hey Jennifer.
Are you ready to
finish the movie?
- Fuck you!
- Mack.
Mack, mack.
Shit, mack, no no no.
- Shit, Jennifer, it's okay,
hey hey you're
okay, you're okay.
You're okay.
- Mack.
Mack, mack!
Mack!
- Whoa, Spencer!
What the hell are you doing man?
- I'm Jennifer.
I'm Jennifer.
- Spencer, Spencer
stop, stop whatever you're doing
you have to let us go.
- Now why would
i go and do that mack?
- Spencer you're not right,
you're not right,
I can help you we can make
this better for you okay?
- Only way this
could get better for me
is if I killed her
right now mack.
- Whoa whoa whoa
whoa, you're not gonna
get away with this.
- That was never
part of the plan mack.
- What's your plan,
what do you want?
- That was
never part of the plan
I wanna slice her open mack.
I wanna slice her open
and feel her insides
in my god damn hands!
- That's not gonna happen!
- Shit.
I'm Jennifer.
Jennifer.
I'm Jennifer!
I'm...
I'm Jennifer.
- 2 Jennifer.